Module argument block (#3592)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix bug where some capsule values (such as Prometheus receivers) could not
  properly be used as an argument to a module. (@rfratto)

> - Return an error message rather than go panic when putting a logging config
>   block inside a module. (@erikbaranowski)

Reviewer: (btw, this needs to be moved out of the v0.33.1 section) 

```suggestion
- Fix an issue where defining `logging` or `tracing` blocks inside of a module would generate a panic instead of returning an error. (@erikbaranowski)
```
